Linter workflow for pull requests (#3)
corshatech/cast: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Go-tools compatible (`go get`, `go test`, etc.)
* Code coverage for unit tests must not decrease.
* Code must be usefully commented. Not only for developers on the project, but also for external users of these packages
* When reviewing PRs, you are encouraged to use Golang's [code review comments page](https://GitHub.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments)

> * Project follows [Google JSON Style Guide](https://google.GitHub.io/styleguide/jsoncstyleguide.xml) for the REST APIs that are provided.

Reviewer: This is.... odd. Can it be changed back?

Author: Fixed.

After that preliminary setup is done, we can iterate on the chart using the remote cluster in the same way we did with docker-desktop. We just need to change the docker registry with the `--default-repo` argument.

```bash
kubectl config use-context "$KUBE_CONTEXT"
skaffold dev --platform=linux/amd64 --port-forward --namespace "$NAMESPACE" --default-repo="$REPO"
```

## Releasing

To release the chart, you just need to create a docker release. GitHub actions will do the rest.

## Linting

> Pull requests must pass a [Super-Linter](https://github.com/github/super-linter) check before being merged. To run Super-Linter locally, use the command ```make super-linter```.

Reviewer: Can you mention that the super linter is run with `docker`? Something like
```suggestion
Pull requests must pass a [Super-Linter](https://github.com/github/super-linter) check before being merged.
If you would like to test your changes with the linter, we have a make script that runs Super-Linter locally using docker. You can use it with the command ```make super-linter```.
```
